Because the assignment asked for us to use simpler objects and required that both of them move, I changed the original plan so that the balls, when in contact, would change direction and color. 

When I started this sketch, I frequently got confused because of the many functions I was using. I found  using comments (//) to describe nearly all the code helped me immensely and that you could group variables by commas. That way, I made it so the circle1 variables and circle2 variables were grouped. Doing this allowed me to find mistakes in my code easily when needed.

Something I'm proud of from this assignment was using the comments more frequently. As we start doing larger projects, it gets easier to become lost in code, and need to search your code to find mistakes or organize new code. By using comments, it became much easier to identify my code.


One thing I noticed about the code was when I attempted to make the balls speed up by adding a code for (circle1_dx = circle1_dx + 1). I noticed  that the circles started making curved bounces towards the values x = 400 and y = 400. Sometimes, they would also disappear off the screen entirely. I found this fascinating, as I didn't initially know how the code (circle1_dx = circle1_dx + 1) in the draw() function could cause the circles to have curved movements. Later, I did realize that this was because adding a +1 to velocity would make the circles bounce in an increasing direction. [This link shows a Google Drive video with the mentioned issue caused in my code.](https://drive.google.com/file/d/16cJAR9RKB01g0mLzB6FDfpc_yONclSlq/view?usp=sharing)
